you
[ __ ] I may be young but I'm not your
boy I won't pick your cotton or pick up
the dishes yeah I say I am NOT your
monkey I don't stay black yard anybody
else have their haiku my name is Lance
Clayton I'm a writer but so far nothing
I've written has ever been published
when his teman wave once said all he
wanted to do was write 1/2 cents he also
tried to scratch an itch in the back of
his head with a shotgun your poetry
course it's not very popular at his
poetry sir does it bother you that I am
male friends hmm no no
[Music]
what do we do something together
tomorrow
yeah like build a rocket sure if you
want who that's [ __ ]
yeah just 9:30 we can go to video store
get a movie are you stupid I hate
watching movies
girls are complex guy put on some music
you like Carl okay no eat music you hate
music yeah
all music no the only thing for the
music the people who like it
how's Kyle been acting at home are you
on your period or something
you seem normal to you haha oh yeah
we're not to dinner tonight we're clear
what no you don't act right at dinner
I'll stab you in the face so what do you
like to do Kyle nothing I must like to
do something no Kyle doesn't like me he
likes you a lot
you don't want something well hey Carol
rough weekend Kyle you ruin everything
you just check up they're not kidding
when they say that raising the child is
a toughest job you'll ever love son I
thought he was a zombie I wish I like
zombies